as the heat of the day wanes animals
become more active after sunset there's
a drop in temperature of about 10
degrees and that's a cue for the night
hunters to venture out in search of a
meal
[Music]
when the night filming crew arrived on
the scene of the Buffalo kill found
earlier the lion pride male had shown up
he's the only mature male in the group
he's about seven years old and has been
fitted with a radio collar by the
Zambian carnival program he's a big cat
probably over 200 kilos and one of his
most important roles is to defend the
pride and territory against competitors
hyena is a top of the list when it comes
to Alliance enemies
a large clan of hyena have been
attracted by the scent of the buffalo
kill
[Music]
all the adult lions including the
females do their best to keep these
would-be thieves at bay
here the thermal cameras show one of the
pride lionesses chasing off a loan hi
then suddenly the pride male catches one
of the hyenas off-guard and stamps his
authority in brutal fashion
[Music]
with the breaking dawn all but one of
the hyenas has retreated but even the
injured individual won't give up
amazing dramas here is absolutely no
love lost between these two
eternal adversaries still the hyena
lives and I'd love to be able to tell
you the reason for a lion attacking a
hyena is simply to defend his meal but
you know what truth is why it's a pretty
brutish and they will try and grab and
kill just about anything whether it's a
predator or otherwise if it doesn't
represent a meal they just leave it if
it does of course they eat it but in
that way in a pretty violent fashion
they absolutely are top of the tree when
it comes to the posters over here
[Music]
beggars belief doesn't it how can an
animal survive being suffocated
effectively by a male lion and still be
breathing just breathing but have the
will to live that is so keen that it
gets up and it goes only a hyena only a
hyena you may not think they're
beautiful but my goodness you've got to
respect them you've got it
[Music]
you